Daddy Land
I am not your father
My father's fourth brother and fifth brother are my brothers
A very poor father who has not had a father since he was a child
Only Ogawa has one son
Daddy, you have four sons and one daughter.
Have you seen the Four Treasures and Five Treasures?
Mommy Mommy
Thank you Mr. Lin for helping me look after the children.
They like you very much. They like me.
The Four Treasures and Five Treasures cry when they see a strange man
Except you
Let's go babies
Let's go home. Bye.
I have two sons.
Isn't it impossible?
Didn't the second brother say that Mommy has left?
Why haven't you come out yet?
Mommy is the fifth emperor
Mini is Satoshi Ogawa
Fourth brother secret
Secret
Ogawa